Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-ledgers-furniture-store
<br>
5/5 - (2 votes)

The following programming problem can be solved by a program that uses three basic tasks-Input Data, Process Data, and Output Results. To process the data, use file, looping, array, decision, accumulating, counting, find min/max and sorting techniques. First, create an MS Word document containing a hierarchy chart and a data flow diagram to organize your program modules. Second, create a pseudocode program using Notepad++ to solve this problem. Third, create the program with RAPTOR. You MUST use Modular Programming techniques by using Sub Modules (Sub Charts in RAPTOR) in your program. Your “main” module should not be very large. NEVER call “main” from inside your program. Also, do not use “recursion” in this program (submodules that call themselves). You are only allowed to use looping techniques to repeat sections of your submodules.At the bottom of the report, list the following: o The total combined sales for all salespeople. o The average sales for all salespeople. o The salesperson with the lowest sales for the month. o The salesperson with the highest sales for the month. You must submit the unsorted and sorted files with your RAPTOR program to show that your program ran correctly. Here is your sample test data to use with your program. This is to be typed in as user input.· A list of the salespeople’s name and the monthly sales for each of them. · A list of the salespeople’s names and the monthly sales for each of them. Your sorted file output should include: ·Problem Statement Ledger’s Furniture Store has 10 salespeople. Ledger’s wants to produce a combined monthly sales report for all salespeople. Ledger’s wants you to write a program that will allow them to enter data in any order, save the unsorted data to a file, and then produce a file in alphabetical order by name of the salespeople. The unsorted output file should be named “sales_unsorted.txt” and the sorted file should be named “sales_sorted.txt”. Your unsorted file output should include:Salesperson Monthly Sales Joan $ 1525 Bob $ 1935 Lisa $ 2550 Tina $ 1745 Corey $ 3025 Chummily $ 1420 Rick $ 4560 Nancy $ 2645 Holly $ 1489 Frank $ 4450



Do not worry about the formatting of your output files since RAPTOR does not support formatting controls.The unsorted file should look similar to this: The sorted file should look similar to this: Joan Sales: $ 1525 Bob Sales: $ 1935 Bob Sales: $ 1935 Chummily Sales: $ 1420 Lisa Sales: $ 2550 Corey Sales: $ 3025 Tina Sales: $ 1745 Frank Sales: $ 4450 Corey Sales: $ 3025 Holly Sales: $ 1489 Chummily Sales: $ 1420 Joan Sales: $ 1525 Rick Sales: $ 4560 Lisa Sales: $ 2550 Nancy Sales: $ 2645 Nancy Sales: $ 2645 Holly Sales: $ 1489 Rick Sales: $ 4560 Frank Sales: $ 4450 Tina Sales: $ 1745 ====================== Total Sales: $ XXXXX Average Sales: $ XXXX Salesperson with Lowest Sales: name Salesperson with Highest Sales: name